What is your site's primary purpose?
The primary purpose of my site is to pass show my experiences while engaging with the new world of web development. This will be made up of blog posts which respond mostly to material that is provided by EDA to assist in learning as well as some posts about how I found other online coding schools methods. The site is intended to convey my experiences in learning web development to my audience.

Who is your target audience?
The target audience of the blog will be my peers and tutors and also anyone else who is looking to see what learning to code is like. This should be a resource for others to understand my experiences with learning web development and is therefore, targeted at those who are interested in learning or teaching web development themselves.

How do you want site visitors to interact with your site? What experience would you like them to have?
I would like to maintain a visually stimulating experience on my blog. This is due to the text heavy content which can be found on most tech sites as well as the text heavy content that web development students and teachers are engaging with - this blog is intended to bring visual stimulants into what is usually a relatively visually bland platform (at least where the code is concerned).  I want to create a reflective mood across the site as that is what the blog posts will mostly be discussing - reflections on the content being put in front of me. I also want to create an experience which will help to excite the reader in regard to the content that they are engaging with. Finally I want to create a smooth and simplistic experience where the interface in concerned.

How will you build your site to support the desired user experience?
I will do this by using strong images which may not necessarily be directly correlate to the text but rather help to imbue the desired mood when reading. Equally the text colour and layout will be simplistic but colourful allowing easy reading as well as creating a positive mindset through colour. The layout will be minimalist, without unnecessary sidebars, buttons or subheadings. Rather there will be an effective and efficient navigation bar (showing only categories) and a single button at the end of each blog that will return the reader to the homepage to encourage further reading.  The homepage will be simplistic and will incorporate the same navigation bar as on the blog pages as well as displaying "all" category by default. The homepage will display a "featured article" at the top followed by three columns of blog posts below. These grids will be mostly picture with a single explanatory line of text as a heading. Underneath each post will be a small category tag which will help the reader find "more like this" without having to revert to the navigation bar. 
